Natalie Austin: Hello, how are you
Hi.
Natalie Austin: I like the background.
Natalie Austin: Ah, oh
Natalie Austin: That out how to do background. You're awesome.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, we are reviewing group. Well, I can't remember if you were in group on that day.
Jennifer C.: No, because my one of my kids, called me and I was driving
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: pick him up from school.
Natalie Austin: Case, you are not in that group.
Jennifer C.: No, she told me, just to come to this one, this Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. OK. Cool. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so yeah, we'll see you Thursday.
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: How's the medicine working for you.
Jennifer C.: It's good. Um, the
Jennifer C.: Wellbutrin I LIKE, STOPPED IT and release it because I was like, nodding out in my food.
Jennifer C.: Oh, I don't know if it was from that.
Jennifer C.: Or if it was for me being sick last week.
So,
Jennifer C.: I'm kind of testing the waters.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: I'm on the phone. My doctors, you can't play the sink.
Natalie Austin: You can't. You can't cut them in half because our capsules. Hmm.
Jennifer C.: Know their pills.
Natalie Austin: You can cut some common house.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Okay, who fills, but they're like hundred tablets. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just kind of happened and work your way up. You might only need a half
Jennifer C.: Okay, yeah. He's always like, it was like seven o'clock. And I was like, literally fall asleep of my food. I'll be doing this.
Natalie Austin: But that's, that's a super good medicine and the other medicines interacting with your other meds. So this is really kind of
Jennifer C.: One of her only ones. Right. Right. Okay.
Natalie Austin: But it's a really good Madison them. I have to find good
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I know that my cigarettes were starting to taste like shit.
Natalie Austin: Yes, it's
Natalie Austin: You know, it also
Natalie Austin: They also
Natalie Austin: Change the name because I began
Jennifer C.: To help people to quit smoking. Yeah, my says no smoking on it so
Natalie Austin: Well there you go you
Jennifer C.: Stop smoking.
Natalie Austin: You might do. You're gonna you're gonna tell me in a week or so.
Jennifer C.: Oh yeah, they were really bad like
Natalie Austin: Well, good.
Jennifer C.: But number one.
Jennifer C.: bestseller. Right.
Jennifer C.: Works out for me.
Natalie Austin: You're really you'll save so much money to it all the cigarettes and
Jennifer C.: Oh, no.
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: And then we'll go from there and just keep me posted
Okay.
Jennifer C.: Come on bud spell this
Natalie Austin: Is going to play.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Everything's good except for the three year old, you can't put you in the seat right now.
Natalie Austin: What's he doing he was
Jennifer C.: Playing my sink.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Jennifer C.: He's washing his toy.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's funny.
Jennifer C.: He's a handful sometimes
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm. I have four boys. So I know
Jennifer C.: Oh yeah, he's my only boy.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: I have to the other two are girls, but they're older.
Jennifer C.: There are 12 and
Jennifer C.: He's three
Natalie Austin: Girls are so calm or thing.
Jennifer C.: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Well, they were the older one is
Jennifer C.: Whether the nine the nine year olds. A little while one
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's fine.
Jennifer C.: I think boys are easier.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I've heard. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Especially older when they get older. Yeah, this word sweatpants and they don't need makeup and
Jennifer C.: Yeah, yeah. Girls are not
Jennifer C.: These girls in these clothes. Oh, my lord.
Natalie Austin: They all want designer clothes that are like 200
Jennifer C.: Everything's like Victoria Secret pink now Victoria Secret beat now I'm like oh my god
Natalie Austin: Almost makes you want to homeschool the home.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I realized that
Jennifer C.: One, though in
Jennifer C.: The K 12 thing they got in Ohio sucks though.
Natalie Austin: I was a bad
Jennifer C.: Yeah, it's a lot like they just throw you into it.
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm. So you don't know really what's going on.
Jennifer C.: And it's like three times the homework.
Jennifer C.: It didn't work out. Now for my oldest anyway.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: She wanted to go back to regular squat for two weeks.
Natalie Austin: That was quick.
Natalie Austin: Uh huh. No.
Natalie Austin: She
Jennifer C.: Made for
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: kids in school.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: Come on the social aspect is good for school like in school.
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I guess it just depends. They have a social life in school or not.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Jennifer C.: I bet you're cold. You were just playing in a sinful water.
Jennifer C.: Yo, there you go.
Natalie Austin: So there's our medicine working okay
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any side effects on
Jennifer C.: Me. No, no.
Natalie Austin: I need a refill today know which pharmacy. Are we doing today.
Jennifer C.: joggers
Jennifer C.: We're staying away from Rite Aid.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we're staying with Kroger, okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we're gonna
Jennifer C.: Is writing
Natalie Austin: The other one
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: I'm assuming. So because they
Jennifer C.: They know they didn't give me the motoring because I just got a motor and refill.
Jennifer C.: Okay, so that should be ready. Here's
Jennifer C.: What the other two, they can keep those ones because they're right across the street from my house almost
Natalie Austin: Be nice because it's convenient.
Jennifer C.: It will be, but that dudes an asshole. So I don't want to go back there.
Natalie Austin: I know, I'm sorry to do that.
Natalie Austin: In 10 years 10 years will be like a whole new story, everything will be like it'll be normal to get some you tax and it will be an
Jennifer C.: Issue right
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I mean, this is
Jennifer C.: Normal anyway.
No, no.
Jennifer C.: Walgreens is going to probably lose out on a lot of money because they don't take care of sources.
Natalie Austin: I heard. Yeah. That's crazy.
Jennifer C.: What's that stupid. Would you do what it
Is
Jennifer C.: Would you bump it on
Jennifer C.: Your horse. Oh, yeah. All right.
Jennifer C.: Well, you'll be okay so ride the horse into the chair.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
Jennifer C.: Um, no.
Jennifer C.: I think we're good. They sent over some papers that I got to fill out. I guess before meetings and then one that I got to do. I'm going to do when I also with you.
Jennifer C.: Some ACE papers something not paper but like
Jennifer C.: I forget what it's called it. Somebody's got to fill out online since our, um, I had our text it to me because I'm still trying to work out my email. I don't know why I'm not getting emails from anybody.
Jennifer C.: Oh, um, I don't know if like one of my kids hit something on my apple settings and block them or what
Natalie Austin: Rapidly
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm like, not getting any emails, so I think I'm just gonna make a new email.
Natalie Austin: Something about
Jennifer C.: Yeah I know it was gonna suck, but
Jennifer C.: It's what it is.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I can't figure it out any other way. I've tried to figure figure it out.
Natalie Austin: you Google it. Google window.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm gonna figure that I'll get
Jennifer C.: On it today. I just been lazy, because I was sick last week and
Jennifer C.: just now getting to where I don't feel like crap.
Natalie Austin: Did you get your urine drug screen done
Jennifer C.: I go this afternoon for that they just sent the paperwork Friday afternoon to the place
Natalie Austin: Okay, good. Okay.
Jennifer C.: They send it straight to the place because I can't get into the email so
Natalie Austin: Right. And what about your
Natalie Austin: lab work. Did you get any of the blood work done.
Jennifer C.: That's what I gotta go for
Jennifer C.: Okay, I'm assuming they do it all at once. There
Natalie Austin: Yep, I hope.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, that'd be perfect. Yeah. After like the fifth call to them. They finally got them my email wasn't working.
Jennifer C.: Straight to the place
Natalie Austin: Oh no, what
Jennifer C.: Email right they sent me like it was like late Friday afternoon. I was like, well, damn. It's a little late now. So I'll go on Monday. So I'm going to go this afternoon after I get my kids from school.
Natalie Austin: If you ever get into your email, you're gonna have hundreds of emails.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Through Hotmail, or
Jennifer C.: Gmail.
Gmail.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, even when I logged in on Google. It wasn't like going through
Natalie Austin: Car. You can even call Google, they have a
Natalie Austin: Phone number if you call them.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I need to figure something out.
Jennifer C.: Don't tell us it's gone.
Natalie Austin: Their phone number.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm gonna do that, I'll do that today. Get off my leg, kid.
Jennifer C.: I can't walk. I'm dragging you then.
Huh.
Jennifer C.: Why
Natalie Austin: You'll enjoy group on Thursday for shells, really good.
Jennifer C.: He talks. Yeah, we talked, we talked for like
Jennifer C.: over an hour, the other day.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let's talk about
Everything.
Jennifer C.: Just everything that's happened the past year.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh.
Jennifer C.: She definitely agrees with the depression.
Natalie Austin: Good, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: Well, I think.
Natalie Austin: She pretty much was it as
Jennifer C.: Yeah. She pretty much sees it as well. You've been through so much hit this past year. How are you not depressed.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, exactly, you know,
Jennifer C.: So we're gonna stick with that.
Jennifer C.: And then I see her again on the fourth
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's nice. I mean, talking, talking, stuff out.
Natalie Austin: You know, really help. Yeah, you know,
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It gets it out of your system.
Jennifer C.: Right, because you can't just always talk to kids, you know,
Natalie Austin: Or your friends. Your friends don't always want to listen to everything you say you know
Right.
Jennifer C.: My circle is very small, anyway.
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: I think there's the older you get, the less you want to do.
Natalie Austin: Exactly, yeah. Less people you want to deal with right that your immediate friends or or people are actually close to you.
Jennifer C.: Right. Like there's just things like it's just I don't know where I live. It's just so small that
Jennifer C.: You don't even want to go to like fairs in the summertime, because you don't want to run into people from high school.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah.
Jennifer C.: So it's like we don't even go to that crowd because it's always fighting and just dumb shit.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: So you went to school used to live in the same town you went to school in
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I missed, I missed one town over. I don't see them like you do. That's funny.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, it's like date is is it's a big city, but there's like all these little suburbs.
Jennifer C.: Suburbs you go to the all around, there's somebody there that you know
Uh,
Natalie Austin: Huh.
Jennifer C.: Sucks about it but
Natalie Austin: Or your daughter's going to the same school you went to
Jennifer C.: Yeah, they're in the same school district. I was in
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Jennifer C.: Two different schools, but they're the same, like one student was older than the other one. But they're going to the same schools that I went to. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What are they the same teachers you had
Jennifer C.: Some of them, but most of them are probably retired by now.
Natalie Austin: That's true, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hmm.
Jennifer C.: Because my husband, he'll be almost 40 years his teachers are retired. I know that.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Jennifer C.: But he wants to the same schools, too.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: Which that's cool, though.
Jennifer C.: The principles are the same.
Natalie Austin: Oh, there you go.
Natalie Austin: That's a good job. It's. That's one of the probably want to keep on to it for years and years.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, they're the same. And then I think my teacher
Jennifer C.: That was my math teacher. He was the principal for a while and now he's like the superintendent.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: So it's pretty cool, though. Like, it works out for my kids because I was a good student.
Jennifer C.: Do you go
Natalie Austin: To your reunions.
Jennifer C.: No, I haven't had one yet.
Jennifer C.: I'm still too young for that.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're not that old. You're like, oh, the teachers are retired, you're not you're not old. No, I'm only 33
Natalie Austin: I know that. Yeah. Wow.
Jennifer C.: We should have our first one should be coming up in like two years.
Ago.
Natalie Austin: I should be interesting. Oh.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I probably won't go
Jennifer C.: highly doubt it.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Wednesday night like high school
Natalie Austin: You didn't
Natalie Austin: Have to people. My waiting room. I have two new patients to see so
Natalie Austin: OK.
Jennifer C.: I will let you go see you Thursday.
Jennifer C.: Going to soldiers right
Natalie Austin: Yep.
All right.
Jennifer C.: This time
I know
Natalie Austin: I want to put it in and about 10 minutes or so. So
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay, this afternoon. Okay.
Jennifer C.: All right.
Natalie Austin: All right, let's last time it took them two hours. So I'd give it to our
Jennifer C.: Last time I think it took them all day.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Crazy.
Jennifer C.: But that's okay. All right, we'll take
Jennifer C.: I'll see you Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: Bye bye. All right, bye.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Hello, how are you
Roxanne Arnold: I'm good, how are you
Natalie Austin: Good. You see me. Oh, yeah.
Roxanne Arnold: I'm sorry.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You're new today.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. Well, welcome.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, no, not in treatment.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um, where did you go before
Roxanne Arnold: I was at Arizona counseling services Columbus, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and what what medicine where you take them there with them.
Roxanne Arnold: I took. I was on Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: And that's the only thing that they prescribed me so
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, what does and eight milligrams twice a day.
Roxanne Arnold: Or once a day.
Roxanne Arnold: Yes, twice a day. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Then now. Awesome. It's a beeper offering the lock zone.
Natalie Austin: Eight slash to
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and
Natalie Austin: Was that the tablets or the film.
Roxanne Arnold: The film. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And that worked okay for you.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. And once last time you got a prescription filled
Roxanne Arnold: Um,
Roxanne Arnold: I'm due for another prescription on Wednesday.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Okay, are we still going to use the same pharmacy.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, yeah, I don't know, I might have to use CVS and climb road because i and i don't think my husband needs to get prescriptions from bright heart and Kroger would not fill them for him because the doctor in the same city. It wasn't a doctor in the same city.
Natalie Austin: I get at least fixed I fixed that my prescriptions. Now say Dayton, Ohio. We do have an office in Dayton.
Natalie Austin: So,
Roxanne Arnold: Okay cuz I'm from Columbus.
Roxanne Arnold: Well, they, they do you think they'll fill it here in Columbus,
Natalie Austin: They should still feel it. Yeah. But as long as, as long as it has an Ohio address that was the main problems that we have with CBS
Natalie Austin: Is because it said California on it.
Natalie Austin: Is your husband still getting treatment from bright heart.
Roxanne Arnold: I know he doesn't anymore. He wants to watch. But he that's a question I was going to ask you, because he's allergic to the locks on and they prescribed him sub effects.
Roxanne Arnold: Right, so he was wanting to get another doctor but he had he can't take the Suboxone. Can you guys prescribed the subby text for him.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: We just have to get evidence that he's alerted to the analog zone just
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, we have.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, as long as we have that. That's fine.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You have them call in and make an appointment.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: He's going to do right now, actually.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: So I can try the Kroger pharmacy MC make see what happens. So he's a Kroger on he can road.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And that's in Columbus,
Roxanne Arnold: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Hi, so you can wrote UK yen.
Roxanne Arnold: He AK I in
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So why are you switching doctors
Natalie Austin: To do is easier for you the commute.
Roxanne Arnold: Are my car car broke down. Yeah, it's easier to commute. So, so
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, did you let them know
Roxanne Arnold: Like I said, my husband did it there before. And he actually really liked it so
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Oh, good. I'm glad.
Natalie Austin: So I'm telling me about your story on what got you into treatment. When did it all start why
Roxanne Arnold: Um, well, my story's a long story. I'm already using like when I was like 21
Roxanne Arnold: And I used for like 10 years and I got clean. Finally, after the 10
Roxanne Arnold: Marilyn was are you
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, of heroin and crack and whatever else.
Natalie Austin: 121 what happened what life events happened at 21
Um,
Roxanne Arnold: I lost. I lost
Roxanne Arnold: Two two babies. I was, you know, and then they put me on narcotics.
Roxanne Arnold: I'm like, Why get in and then not lead for me not having like it ended you on oxy cotton.
Roxanne Arnold: And then from there to the heroin.
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay, you're in pain after you lost your children like
Natalie Austin: Physical pain. Yeah.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, physical and obviously mentally
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: Are you have you seen it's like hard for us for all the things that you've gone through
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're following one now.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, I'm not seeing one. No. But I've seen a lot. So I had eight years clean last time.
Roxanne Arnold: And then I relapse for a little less than a year and now I came back. So I've been off of the hair one again for like six, seven months now.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. So you've been clean for seven months. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, what other medications are you taking anything from the psychiatrists
Roxanne Arnold: Um, no, I don't have any other meds.
Natalie Austin: Do you need any other meds or you just didn't get didn't follow up with them yet.
Roxanne Arnold: Or your eyes. I haven't been I haven't had my transportation
Roxanne Arnold: So,
Roxanne Arnold: I was going to South. The East here in Columbus, but I can't even make it there.
Natalie Austin: Is we do
Natalie Austin: We just like a therapy as well with our, our facility. If you want to see a psychiatrist or psychologist with us. We have like
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we've behavioral counselors and stuff that they can talk to you as well. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, because technically diagnosed with ADHD, but I haven't been able to have my medicine because I don't have transportation
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, we have therapy and
Natalie Austin: Whenever you call to make your next appointment I let them know that you want to make it a point with the therapist.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Only can help you through that.
Natalie Austin: I'm not sure about the ADHD medication with look into that. To see if we're able to do that for you too.
Roxanne Arnold: Oh yeah, I mean, I don't know. I mean, I'm just saying, technically I have it. I don't know if
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, what
Roxanne Arnold: What kind of there's an alternative that they offer or whatever. I don't know. So
Natalie Austin: We can find out. Okay. Do you have depression and anxiety as well with that.
Roxanne Arnold: I'm anxiety, but no depression.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, see worked out everything that's even going through
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Pretty much, yeah. That's great. That's good news.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go into the past medical history.
Natalie Austin: past history obviously ADHD and anxiety opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Um, any other medical. Do you have diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol.
Natalie Austin: thyroid disease.
Natalie Austin: No, none of that.
Natalie Austin: Past surgeries.
Roxanne Arnold: Just C section and I've had surgery on my back my kidney
Natalie Austin: Okay, did you have a kidney removed or you just had a stent place.
Roxanne Arnold: Well, I had no I had actually a partial of my
Roxanne Arnold: It was just a
Roxanne Arnold: It was a kidney stone, but there was a lot of infection. Once they got in there so I lost power of one of my kidneys.
Natalie Austin: Which what laughter Right.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, it's my right.
Right.
Natalie Austin: You're still able to urinate and everything's fine.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it's over. Yeah, okay, good.
Natalie Austin: And then, what, what kind of services you have in your back.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, I just meant my kidney break because that's where they cut me open it was on my back. So
Natalie Austin: Okay, so your lumbar
Natalie Austin: Spine is fine.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay. So basically the C section and then like a
Natalie Austin: nephrectomy maybe they took some of your kidney out in front of me is what they call a
Natalie Austin: Partially impression. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, then they remove stones to the have little trippy or anything.
No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's more with liver. Well, you can wrangle stones. Who did you have you have kidney stones.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah I well yeah I had kidney stones or whatever. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, that's what caused the infection.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah yeah the renal calculate, we'll put it, we'll put renal stones up in the past medical history to there. Okay. Are you see, you're not taking anything for that. Now, that's all resolved, you don't have any more stones.
Roxanne Arnold: No, I don't have any more student at this time.
Roxanne Arnold: Good.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, long ago that
Natalie Austin: You were dealing with all the kidney stones.
Um,
Roxanne Arnold: Well, I still get, um, but like the surgery was like six years ago.
Roxanne Arnold: So it's been a little while. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And the C section was 20
Roxanne Arnold: I was like 21 and so it's been
Roxanne Arnold: 18 years ago.
Natalie Austin: That okay so you still have your
Natalie Austin: your tonsils your gallbladder.
Roxanne Arnold: All my tonsils. I got my tonsils removed.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay. Sorry, I was
Natalie Austin: 1212. Gotcha. You still have your gallbladder and your appendix.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, and I think I have a UTI right now.
Roxanne Arnold: I don't know if you can prescribe me anything for that or what should I do
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Do you have any allergies anything
Roxanne Arnold: No, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: I can call it a prescription for that. I think
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Do you get those a lot
Roxanne Arnold: And I probably get them once a year, which they said it would be more common since I had to kidney
Roxanne Arnold: Surgery not okay.
Natalie Austin: So we can probably put that over the past medical history like chronic eta is yes.
We
Natalie Austin: Don't do you take back to them or Cipro for that, what use or macro bit what works for you.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, I think Cipro is what I usually take
Roxanne Arnold: Okay. That works. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's, let's go under family history or your parents still alive.
Roxanne Arnold: No, my, well, my dad is, my mom is not my mom died from a cirrhosis from drinking
Natalie Austin: Out what I
Natalie Austin: Told her she's
Roxanne Arnold: 58
OK.
Natalie Austin: And then your dad is he does he have any illnesses or is he alive and well.
Roxanne Arnold: YEAH, MY DAD'S ALIVE. But he has like Lou Gehrig's disease.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Does he live at home or the in a nursing home or is he live with.
Roxanne Arnold: Us. He was just my sister.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How many sisters and brothers. Do you have
Roxanne Arnold: I have two sisters
Natalie Austin: Older younger
Roxanne Arnold: Younger, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, let's go under Social History. You're married singles.
Roxanne Arnold: And married
Natalie Austin: Married. How many kids do you have
Roxanne Arnold: We don't have any
Natalie Austin: Man, you just set up one
Natalie Austin: You had one that
Roxanne Arnold: I learned
Roxanne Arnold: I have an incompetent cervix. They said,
Roxanne Arnold: To me that I lost. I got they couldn't figure it out until I happened to me the second time. And then I haven't got pregnant. Since
Natalie Austin: Then okay so you lost two children.
Natalie Austin: Yes, whatever 20 in their 20s. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: So you'll step, Mommy. Does your husband have any kids from a previous marriage or relationship.
Roxanne Arnold: He dies, but they do not live with us.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um, any alcohol, tobacco drug use.
Roxanne Arnold: I smoke cigarettes.
Natalie Austin: Were packing a half a pack.
Roxanne Arnold: One pack.
Natalie Austin: Okay. For how many years.
Roxanne Arnold: Oh for since I started smoking when I was like 23 so
Roxanne Arnold: Okay 1517 years
Natalie Austin: Um, any out any alcohol use, or marijuana use
Roxanne Arnold: No. Nope.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay, good. So let's go under allergies. You said no known allergies and medication or Suboxone eight slash to be ID film.
Natalie Austin: You know the medics no other medications.
Natalie Austin: Any vitamins or
Roxanne Arnold: No, I don't have any prescribe
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: What is it, I'm sorry. I mean, she's the
Natalie Austin: Review of systems. Do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Roxanne Arnold: I'm sorry, I can't hear you're gonna close my door.
Roxanne Arnold: My, my nephew and his girlfriend moving and she's having like some kind of diabetic spell or something.
Natalie Austin: Oh no. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: So he's panicking and I couldn't hear you. I apologize. Okay. Now, one more time.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. Any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, review system will go under.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, no.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay. And
Natalie Austin: So no kidney failure, you're having some dis urea some pain with urination right now.
Natalie Austin: Yes, and I'm the dark and cloudy. Do you have any hesitation.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, yeah. And it's i'm i'm like about 100% sure that's what it is. Just because I've had too many of them.
Natalie Austin: Right. Right. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: We'll go to the physical exam.
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
Roxanne Arnold: Five, four,
Natalie Austin: Okay. And how much do you weigh
Natalie Austin: 150 okay
Natalie Austin: I'm at AMP T Perla cardiac pulses.
Natalie Austin: Molly lungs on a respiration of them understanding cardiac pulses intact extremities me swelling anywhere.
Roxanne Arnold: My hand swell, but my last doctor said, I forget what she said it was, um, it wasn't anything serious, though she didn't give any prescription or anything like that.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: hold us keep an eye on.
Natalie Austin: OK, so the school and right now.
Roxanne Arnold: I'm kind of you.
Natalie Austin: Know, okay so extremely small amount of swelling and the fingers.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Cycle or green times three pleasant cooperative
Natalie Austin: Assessment.
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder and remission.
Natalie Austin: ADHD.
Natalie Austin: Not on current currently not on any medication.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll do the plan. So we'll call on Suboxone a slash to twice a day film.
Roxanne Arnold: Right.
Natalie Austin: We'll do a two week prescription
Natalie Austin: And then we're gonna have group on Thursdays. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well then you call him to get some colon to get therapy started as well.
Natalie Austin: For the agency. OK.
Roxanne Arnold: Ok and exam.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah another diagnoses anxiety under there, too.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
Roxanne Arnold: No, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: I'm calling
Natalie Austin: Calling the Cipro
Natalie Austin: Suboxone
Natalie Austin: If they if they give any troubles, let us know. But like I said, My prescriptions. Now say
Natalie Austin: The highest we should be okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Cuz I was making lots of phone calls to pharmacists explaining to them, you know,
Natalie Austin: But hopefully that's over with.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Are you working at all. Now I could ask you that social, are you working
Roxanne Arnold: I'm self employed, but yeah.
Natalie Austin: You're self employed.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. What do you do
Roxanne Arnold: Buy storage units at auction and resell the content, whatever we find in there.
Natalie Austin: Well, this
Roxanne Arnold: Is kind of cool.
Wow.
Natalie Austin: What do you find the storage units.
Roxanne Arnold: Storage treasures.com
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Wow, so you never know what you're gonna get though, huh.
Roxanne Arnold: Right. Oh yeah, we know it's those show pictures on the storage auction site.
Roxanne Arnold: You know, like
Roxanne Arnold: So it gives you like a general general idea of what you'll find in there. But as long as we can make our money back. We'll bet on it. And then usually. Well, I haven't had a locker that we've lost money on ever
Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: So,
Natalie Austin: That's it. It wasn't there a TV show about that.
Roxanne Arnold: Yes. Storage Wars.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's it. So okay, so that's what you do. It's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So I'll add that up to your search history self employed.
Natalie Austin: Store unit buyer and seller.
Roxanne Arnold: Pretty cool. Thanks.
Natalie Austin: Daddy, any up now for sale.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, we have some things that we're still selling our last own like well by the whole unit. And then we sell everything individually.
Natalie Austin: Don't cry. So we're like,
Roxanne Arnold: We have to make
Natalie Austin: What do you sell it on let go or Craigslist.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, like I use marketplace on Facebook. A lot
Roxanne Arnold: Offer out. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's really cool.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your first name.
Roxanne Arnold: First name.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, or OH x eight and he
Natalie Austin: Okay, here's your last name. Hi, it's
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, it's actually Arnold, but my care sources under high it
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Roxanne Arnold: No, it hasn't been switched from my maiden name yet basically
Natalie Austin: Okay. When did you get married.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, we've been married for 44 or five years now. It's just never got done
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you planning on getting a car or what is your
Roxanne Arnold: What are you doing, we have a clock. We have a car, but it's just
Roxanne Arnold: It needs fixed
Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: And we have a lot of people in our household. Now while we let, like I said, My nephew and his girlfriend in their infant daughter moving because me and my husband. We have one car. So we just figured this will be a really good thing for us.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so you'll be able to get your prescription
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: To deliver
Deliver
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, I know that does, but we live within walking distance from Kroger
Natalie Austin: Oh dear. Okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Baby
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, that's their baby.
Natalie Austin: Baby. Wow.
Natalie Austin: That'd be something new for you huh
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: entering this in here for you. So I have it in here.
Roxanne Arnold: He's never he never return a phone call.
Natalie Austin: They call it interstitial cystitis you like the T IS JUST products or status.
Roxanne Arnold: Um, I think you should. I don't remember. I'm sorry.
Roxanne Arnold: Did you have blood in the urine to
Roxanne Arnold: Now, no.
Roxanne Arnold: I was just
Natalie Austin: Curious, are you
Roxanne Arnold: LIKE SOMEBODY IS GIVING YOU A RIDE. And I'm just seeing if I could push a question before we have to do one on one and excuse
Roxanne Arnold: Me if that was
Roxanne Arnold: If that would think his schedule and I didn't
Roxanne Arnold: Want to see this medication will go through here. So,
Roxanne Arnold: Let's see.
Natalie Austin: Hey pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: 28 tablets for 20 film. Okay.
Natalie Austin: They will probably do it till Wednesday, so don't miss out data for Wednesday. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Because you probably can't get it any sooner. Is that right,
Roxanne Arnold: I don't, I don't think they will give it to me any sooner.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, I'll make it up for Wednesday.
Natalie Austin: What does it say on your bottle. What's your bottle say like
Natalie Austin: When's the last bill date on your bottom
It says
Roxanne Arnold: Right here just spent on
To 1222 12
Natalie Austin: To 12
Roxanne Arnold: Yes, yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, how many
Natalie Austin: Okay. Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Yeah 26 right okay
Natalie Austin: Have to look up the sub
Natalie Austin: Kroger
Natalie Austin: What's the zip code for the Kroger armies for the
Natalie Austin: Yeah, for the Kroger and Columbus, you know, the zip code.
Roxanne Arnold: It shouldn't be. Oh yeah, it's right here.
Natalie Austin: In a bottle. Yeah.
Roxanne Arnold: I'm
Natalie Austin: For its 432-234-3223 you don't do search here for that.
Roxanne Arnold: Yes.
Roxanne Arnold: Yep, that's right.
Natalie Austin: Okay, the phone number is 614-274-7748 looks like.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, right.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay. Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: All right, we got the right one.
Natalie Austin: So I'll send it now. That way they can have it sitting there in case there's any issues.
Roxanne Arnold: Said, Okay, okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Not yet.
Natalie Austin: And your email is H y ATT Roxanna gmail.com. All right.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Some work here.
Natalie Austin: There.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I think we got it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, you can go pick it up on Wednesday, then. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay, awesome.
Natalie Austin: I'll see you on Thursday. One o'clock.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Sounds good.
Roxanne Arnold: That sounds good. Thursday at one o'clock. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: So what was your number.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Call back whenever the you originally called
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just call sell them badly.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Just call the number back the Braveheart numbers to say, Natalie said that we have to attend group on Thursday.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then you also have to get your therapy appointment.
Natalie Austin: And then did you get on a prescription for a urine drug screen and some lab work yet.
Roxanne Arnold: I didn't see it. So I don't know if fading. Send it to me, or it didn't go through
Natalie Austin: Well, yeah. Whenever you call just remind them to say, Natalie said, I have to get a urine and some lab work. Can you please send over lab. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you
Natalie Austin: Send it to a quest. Do you have a quest around you.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, I do. She asked me all that. So maybe I just didn't see it. I'll check my email again.
Natalie Austin: Okay, because they and they usually send it right to quest for you so you don't have to worry about paperwork.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, I thought, I thought that's what she said, and I just didn't see it, but it might have went to the wrong folder or something like that. I'll check again, if not
Natalie Austin: You
Natalie Austin: Might have a your
Natalie Austin: Family for
Roxanne Arnold: Me, you can make
Roxanne Arnold: Don't just put more butter in it, and that will
Natalie Austin: Make
Roxanne Arnold: macaroni and cheese.
Natalie Austin: For the baby boy. Okay. How's the baby.
Roxanne Arnold: The baby's almost too early company that
Natalie Austin: Will help
Natalie Austin: You get there.
Roxanne Arnold: I know
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah, well, we wanted to help them out. Since you know
Roxanne Arnold: I don't really have a whole lot of options of giving back. But that's one of them, like we could offer him a stable home.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah because her parents are addicted to that non stuff so
Natalie Austin: Make sure you need to make sure you lock up your Suboxone okay
Roxanne Arnold: Oh, I will. I have a little. I have a safe.
Natalie Austin: Lockbox yeah
So the big
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: So they don't get it.
Roxanne Arnold: Right. That'd be that pretty bad. So, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Why don't you have them get into treatment as well.
Natalie Austin: Are they in Freeland
Roxanne Arnold: They're not on drugs. It's her parents side or
Natalie Austin: On fentanyl
Roxanne Arnold: So that's why I gave him to stay with the US, they were living them.
Natalie Austin: There are like their own
Roxanne Arnold: 20 years old, you know, so her parents
Roxanne Arnold: They were saying they're in there. I'm betting on stuff so
Roxanne Arnold: Moving here.
Natalie Austin: Yes, like this.
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well that's nice of you. How long have they been in there with you.
Roxanne Arnold: Thanks been here about a month now.
Roxanne Arnold: So,
Natalie Austin: It's really cold.
Natalie Austin: It's always nice to hear a baby cry that kind of makes your heart little pitter patter haha
Roxanne Arnold: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Like your day makes you smile a little bit
Roxanne Arnold: I know you
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Okay, well, I will see you I guess on
Natalie Austin: Thursday at one o'clock.
Roxanne Arnold: Yep.
Natalie Austin: And then Wednesday.
Natalie Austin: Wednesday go pick up your script. If there's any issues just call our office will have to send it somewhere else that they have any issues. Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: Okay. Sounds good.
Okay.
Roxanne Arnold: I thank you.
Roxanne Arnold: Nice meeting you. I'll see you on Wednesday or Thursday I want
Roxanne Arnold: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sounds good. Roxanne. All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. So nice. All right, say,